Add push-prox sub-chart for ingress-nginx in rke and rke2 clusters (#1227)
rancher/charts: packages/rancher-pushprox/charts/README.md

| `clients.https.keyFile` | The path to the TLS key file located within `clients.https.certDir`. Required and only used if `clients.https.enabled` is set | `""` |
| `clients.https.caCertFile` | The path to the TLS cacert file located within `clients.https.certDir`. Required and only used if `clients.https.enabled` is set | `""` |
| `clients.rbac.additionalRules` | Additional permissions to provide to the ServiceAccount bound to the client. This can be used to provide additional permissions for the client to scrape metrics from the k8s API. Only enabled if clients.https.enabled and clients.https.useServiceAccountCredentials are true | `[]` |

> | `clients.deployment.enable` | Deploy the client as a Deployment if the underlying hostNetwork Pod that is being scraped is managed by a Deployment | `false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `clients.deployment.enabled` | Deploys the client as a Deployment (generally used if the underlying hostNetwork Pod that is being scraped is managed by a Deployment) | `false` |
```

Author: fixed.
